In the last video, we discussed how we're going to add in this new event, bus, pod and then a cluster
IP service for both posts and event bus.
I know a lot of this stuff probably seems pretty crazy right now, but I got some good news for you
as soon as we get through this.
One last hurdle, we're going to start to take a look at a tool that is going to automate wiring up
a lot of the stuff for us.
So it's going to make life a lot easier.
You do have to go through all this stuff at least once by hand, though, just so you really understand
what is going on behind the scenes.
All right.
So we have to go through a couple of different steps.
And so just to make sure that everything is crystal clear, put together a quick diagram to understand
the steps we're about to go through to get the event bus and post working together.
The first thing we'll do is create an image for the event bus.
Well, then push that image up to Docker Hub.
Well, then create a deployment for the event bus.
That deployment is going to create one pod for us automatically, and that pod is going to be this thing
right here.
After that pod comes into it exist existence.
We will then create a cluster IP service for the event bus and for posts.
And so that's going to be that thing and that thing.
And again, these cluster IP services are going to teach these pods how to access each other inside
the cluster.
After that, we're going to do just one last additional little step to wire this stuff up all together.
So let's get started with step number one.
Right now, we're going to build an image for the event bus to get started.
I'm going to flip back over to my terminal.
I'm going to change into my event bus directory and inside there I'll build a new image so I'll do a
docker build dash TX even greater event dash bus.
And then don't forget the dot at the very end that in case we want to use the current working directory.
For all the source code inside the image.
So I'll run that.
And as you'll see, that image gets built very, very quickly.
Okay.
That's step number one.
Step number two, we're going to push that image off to Docker Hub so that the deployment can very easily
pull down that image when it decides that it's time to create the pod.
So back inside the event bus directory will do a docker push your docker ID slash event dash bus.
That's going to take the image that we just built and throw it up to Docker Hub.
It's a pretty small image, so it'll just take a little minute or two.
All right.
After that's all done, we're then going to create a deployment for the event bus.
The deployment that we're going to create is going to be just about identical in nature to the post
deployment that we already put together.
So really just going to copy, paste, all that configuration that we already wrote out, we're just
going to change one or two names to refer to Event Bus as opposed to posts.
To create the deployment itself.
Don't forget, we're always going to create a config file.
So back inside, my editor.
I'm going to find that infra directory.
Inside there is K inside of k l make a new directory called event dash.
Bus Dash Depot.
HTML.
I'll then open up the post deployment file.
Because I'm not kidding.
We're really just going to copy, paste all this stuff.
Inside of the post deployment file.
I'm going to copy everything.
Go back over to the event bus deployment file and paste.
I'm then going to go through and everywhere that I see the word posts, I'm going to replace it with
event bus.
So here's number one right here.
Here's to.
Here's three.
Or.
And five.
Inside of the event plus deployment file.
I should now be able to do a find.
I'll look for posts and I should have zero results.
So make sure you replaced every instance of posts with event bus instead.
Well, then save the file.
And now we'll go ahead and apply this configuration file to Kubernetes using Cube CTL.
So back at my terminal.
It looks like I have finished pushing up the event bus image.
That's great.
I'm going to change back over to my K aids directory.
And inside there, I've got my event plus deployment file that we just created.
So we'll do a cube.
It'll apply.
Event Bus Depot EML.
So it looks like we've got the deployment created and that should automatically create the pod for us.
Let's just list out all of our different pods and make sure that it actually was created.
I'll do a cube.
It'll get pods.
And sure enough, there's my event plus pod right there.
So it looks like it is up and running.
So although that looks great right now, we have no effective way to really have any communication between
this event bus pod and the post pod.
And so that is why we need to come back and add in these cluster IP services.
Again, they technically can communicate, but the IP address assigned to these pods is variable and
we can't really predict it ahead of time.
The cluster IP services are going to give us a well known, very easy to predict URL that we can type
in any time we want to have our event bus communicate over to posts or anytime we want post to communicate
over to event bus.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to create a cluster lip service for posts and one for
event plus as well.